Update Sample Installation Events (#1707)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/edge-kubernetes/installing-edge-on-k8-bundle/install-edge.md

…………
  Normal   Installing        2m     cumulocityiotedge  finished installing thin-edge
…………

>   Normal   Ready             1m     cumulocityiotedge  Cumulocity IoT Edge installation is complete, and it's now running version 1017.0.0-4638

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Normal   Ready             1m     cumulocityiotedge  {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Edge installation is complete, and it's now running version 1017.0.0-4638
```

Author: @MWindel As this is a code snippet, we do not need the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} shortcode here. This line will always show as "Cumulocity IoT Edge installation is complete, and it's now running version X"

Reviewer: @TzviLipschitz Thank you for clarifying.
